The comments in Radian are extensive. However, there are some common
design patterns and concepts that would be repetitive to document
repeatedly, and these are documented here.

## `use-package`

This is a macro that basically wraps `with-eval-after-load`. Code in
`:config` is run after the named feature is loaded, while code in
`:init` is run immediately. However, `use-package` does many more
things.

For example, `use-package` interfaces with Radian's package manager,
`straight.el`. By default, `use-package` will use `straight.el` to
install a package with the same name as the feature, before running
its `:init` code. The package name can be overridden by passing a
symbol to `:recipe`, and a custom recipe can be specified there as
well. The curious developer should refer to the (extensive)
documentation of `straight.el` on recipe format.

If `:ensure nil` is given, then `use-package` does not attempt to
install any package, and instead acts just as `with-eval-after-load`
(with many more features).

If `:defer-install` is provided, then the installation of the package
(and evaluation of `:init` code) is deferred until "necessary". In
practice, this means when an autoload that was generated by
`use-package` is trigerred, or an `:after` clause is invoked. Deferred
installation can also be trigerred programmatically or interactively
using `use-package-install-deferred-package`.

The `:after` keyword causes the given feature to be loaded
automatically after the named one. This keyword has some interesting
additional options beyond just a symbol, which is currently
undocumented upstream.

The `:bind`, `:bind*`, `:bind-keymap`, and `:bind-keymap*` keywords
delegate to the `bind-key` package. They establish keybindings in
various interesting ways. Using the keywords, however, has the side
effect of creating a `use-package`-generated autoload, which is
usually irrelevant (due to `straight.el` managing autoload generation
and activation) but is important to keep in mind for deferred
installation behavior.

The `:mode` and `:interpreter` keywords append to `auto-mode-alist`
and `interpreter-mode-alist`, respectively. These also generate
autoloads. The `:commands` keyword provides explicit additional
autoloads; it is usually used to ensure that deferred installation
works as expected (because, of course, the autoloads provided by the
package are not available for activation before the package is
installed).

Keyword `:demand` causes the feature to be required immediately. The
only advantage of using `use-package` in this case is all the
syntactic sugar, which is a nontrivial advantage. Keyword `:defer` is
superfluous and has no effect in Radian's configuration.

Keyword `:diminish` interfaces with the `:diminish` package, which is
used to remove and rename mode line indicators for minor modes (but
not major modes).

Keyword `:pin` is superfluous and has no effect in Radian's
configuration.

## `el-patch`

We patch unloaded functions in a `with-eval-after-load` for the
feature in question (i.e. in the `:config` section of the
`use-package` declaration for that feature), and then put a
`el-patch-feature` directive in the `:init` section so that the patch
can be found via `el-patch-validate-all`.

## Common modes

We enable `eldoc-mode` explicitly in all modes where it has an effect,
since if you enable `eldoc-mode` globally then it will print a warning
when a buffer does not support it.

We also enable `aggressive-indent-mode` in modes where it makes sense.
This generally means languages that have a strictly enforced standard
indentation that does not change wildly when you are in the middle of
typing a line -- basically just Lisps.

## Keybindings

`RET` is the keybinding for return in terminal Emacs, which is
equivalent to `C-i`; `<return>` is the same for windowed Emacs.
